### NPCV Image processing library
# README
 1. Project summary
 2. Output samples
 3. Using
 4. Technical summary
 5. Prerequisites
 6. Building
 

### 1. PROJECT SUMMARY

- Cross platform C library (windows, linux)	
- There is:
	1. standard libray (strings, lists, memory, and etc..) with configurable log system
	2. utils that can read/write file and images and cross platform path string utilities
	3. some image filtering and processing like convolution matrix, edge detection, subimage
	4. region based letter classification

### 2. OUTPUT SAMPLES
1. Classification output. Ocr classification.
    - [Each picture for exactly 123 samples of character variation sorted by x axis](
    https://github.com/Nedja995/npcv/blob/master/examples/datas/output/old/classified/test1)
2. Image processing:
    - [valid results](https://github.com/Nedja995/npcv/blob/master/examples/datas/output/valid_results)
	
### 3. USING
###### Library users
1. Need to link libs from '/lib/' directory and include headers from '/include/ directory'
###### Developers
1. Can use CMake to generate project for various IDE-s and Makefile 
2. There is two usefull executable project:
    - examples - when running they will make few outputs in '/examples/datas/output' also in this directory you can find '/valid_results/'	with who you can compare your outputs althrought in '/examples/datas/output/old/classified/test1/' you can find classification output of ocr number samples in early stage of development
    - tests - GTests. Can download them on build or select custom GTest and GMock project paths
                    
This is overview, more details in 6. BUILDING section

### 4. TECHNICAL SUMMARY
- Doxygen docs http://npcvdocs.co.nf/modules.html
- 'npcv' are base made by several C modules and they are full cross platform.
  There are main functions for computing and also standard and utils library
  with low level log system. Many functions in std library are just wrappers 
  for C std libs. I did it for the problem  that I think may arise with performance 
  or compatibility with embeded system. So I thought this can help later.
  Even this wr. for now reduce performance little
  And I want implement much more functionalities on my own.
- The 'npcv' is separated into four projects for now it contains:
	 1.  module  description
	 2. 'core' something like standard library 
	 3. 'utils' file/image read and write
	 4. 'imgproc' image processing 
	 5. 'classification'

### 5. PREREQUISITES
This project requires:
- Cross-platform Make (CMake) v2.6.2+
- (Windows) Visual Studio 2010+
- (linux) GCC or an alternative, reasonably conformant C++ compiler.
- (linux optional) CodeBlock IDE

### 6. BUILDING
- When configuring CMake you can include in build:
	- GTest Project with downloading gtest and gmock reps or set path manual
	- Visual Leak Detector - for windows debuging
	- Examples project
- Tested with:
    - Windows Visual Studio
    - Unix Makefile

- This project uses the Cross-platform Make (CMake) build system. However, we
have conveniently provided a wrapper configure script and Makefile so that
the typical build invocation of "./configure" followed by "make" will work.
For a list of all possible build targets, use the command "make help".

 NOTE: Users of CMake may believe that the top-level Makefile has been
 generated by CMake; it hasn't, so please do not delete that file.
